[Music]
hey y'all what's going on rob here
square wheels automotive back here in in
the office uh with another one today
just kind of answering a lot of the
questions that you guys have about the
au car
mark 5 telestyle screen for the infiniti
q50 so
somehow i have uh unexpectedly become
the subject matter expert for these
devices or at least a subject matter
expert for these devices i got a couple
months ago i've been running it and
loving it i actually started reselling
these things so check me out on my
website um every purchase supports the
channel so i really appreciate you guys
going through me if you end up going
through a you car you can still use my
coupon code and that helps out too so
check it out link in the description
for for all your options but let me
answer a question that has been coming
in a lot it's coming in from a lot of
you that are curious about this device
which is clearly an android device
but you people people you people have
iphones right so what i did was i went
out and got an iphone 10r you know not
the latest and greatest but you know
it's come out in the last couple years
i'm going to walk you through setting up
carplay on your iphone
and then connecting the au car mark 5 to
your car place setup
out to the garage i'll see you guys out
there
[Music]
oh yeah
okay so here i am in the car i've got
the iphone and what i've done is
completely
uh disabled all car play so we can start
at the very beginning
with setup to access carplay
on top navigation
there is a button called car auto
there you go right there
and the car auto right now out of the
box is linked to an app called z-link
and here's where you will access your
carplay or android auto
now i've got my iphone here
and i've gone
let me take it all the way back to the
beginning
in my settings
there is a tab called general
and then with that there is a tab called
carplay
i've clicked that and i can see my
device here
and it's already detected my car which
is square wheel surprise surprise
i've got carplay in this menu currently
disabled but you'll see when i enable it
it says connecting
so here we are in carplay now on the
device so you'll find that it's fairly
responsive
any of the carplay compatible apps that
you've got on your phone will display on
the screen and this is all happening
wirelessly right so what it's doing is
sending out carplay over the wi-fi and
this device is connected to it through
wi-fi
so
it's really just an extension of your
phone so
spotify will open spotify
you can click in and
play
again pretty low latency
pretty quick i've got the volume all the
way down but
there you go i don't want to get any
copyright things so
but
yeah that's it so
clearly carplay works
just fine with this device again with an
apple iphone
all your ways all your navigation
you know fairly responsive but just keep
in mind it is happening over wi-fi now i
haven't tested this why
so i've had a chance to uh kind of play
around with this interface i've taken it
on my daily drive just dropping my kid
off at
daycare
carplay is cool right it's really
responsive it's got
um
it basically uses just the space of the
screen as an extension of your phone and
it refactors some applications that
you've got installed on your phone so it
can be used on
your car's screen
so of all the apps i've got on my phone
only a percentage of them port over to
car place so not all apps that you have
on your phone will display on car play
um i find that a little bit limiting
because if you go the alternate route
which is
use the tesla screen
as
you know a full android device then
you've got access to
all
any app in the play store right so if
you go down the carplay route you're
essentially limited to just the apps
that are ported over to carplay
um but that's really the only complaint
the apps that are ported over work
extremely well i haven't had any
glitches i can jump between the apps
perfectly fine
um multitasking seems really cool there
isn't really any issue getting into any
of this stuff it works just as
seamlessly as
if this were my actual
phone so
i can say
pretty good things about that
so i ran into one issue that i think is
less of an issue and more of a pro tip
so the iphone is incapable of providing
a hotspot and carplay simultaneously i'm
guessing it's because it sends a signal
to the unit over wi-fi so if you're
sending this carplay signal and you're
sending wi-fi internet to it then maybe
it's overloading or something like that
so carplay and hotspot do not work hand
in hand if you're using carplay disable
hotspot and vice versa if you're using a
hotspot don't try to use carplay because
it can only do one thing at a time this
is not related to the unit at all this
is just the way the iphones work
so there you have it i hope that answers
your questions
if there are any additional questions
just go ahead hit me up in the comments
i'll do my best to answer them if
there's anything else you want me to
test out or try or demo
also let me know i do think these
screens are awesome i think
the addition of carplay is an awesome
option
um
also i did get word from au carr that
december early december i'm going to be
getting a prototype device now
don't get too excited this is still very
early on in their process
but it is a major milestone now they do
have a product that they've got
um
slated for release to consumers but it's
probably going to be glitchy it's
probably going to have a
lot of iterations of testing and
iterations of software so i'm partnering
with them to kind of go through and
prepare a device that is ready for your
consumption
realistically it'll probably be
february or march of 2022 when you'll be
able to start ordering these devices and
installing them yourselves so sit tight
stay tuned i'm going to bring you guys
along on the process
so go ahead hit that subscribe button if
it's something that you're interested in
if not i'll see you on the other side
you